This directory contains examples for many of the top-level PORT3
subroutines, as shown in the table below.  In many cases, you can
get output file xxxx.out corresponding to example file xxxx.f by
saying

	make xxxx.out

Some examples, denoted with # below, are not complete programs.
Others, denoted with * below, require input (that is not supplied here).
Directory sgi contains output obtained by running the remaining
(self-standing) examples on an SGI computer (running IRIX 5.3, with
compilation by f2c + cc).  Other systems will give slightly different
results on many of the examples, due, e.g., to differences in
computations of transcendental functions.

File.f	Routine(s)	for

apnr	APRNTx		printing
bura	BURAM		best uniform rational approximation
burb	BURM1		best uniform rational approx. with initial guess
cdex	CDEXP		double complex exponential function
cdlg	CDLOG		double complex log function
cpla	CPOLY		roots of polynomials with complex coefficients
cspa	CSPQU		integral of function defined on a mesh
cspe	CSPDI		first derivatives using a spline approximation
cspg	CSPIN		interpolate using a spline approximation
cspq	CSPFE		evaluate cubic spline
ddea	IODE		stiff ODEs
desa	ODES		ordinary differential equations
ebea	EEBSF		estimate error in B-spline fit
errk	STKDMP		dump the PORT3 stack
evaa	EIGEN		all eigenvalues and eigenvectors of a matrix
extr	EXTRMR		find extrema of a function defined on a mesh
ffta	FFTR		mixed-radix fast Fourier transform, real data
fftc	FFTC		mixed-radix fast Fourier transform, complex data
fmtr	FRMATT		determine format specifications for printing
lbaa	BASS		solve banded linear systems, give condition est.
lbab	BACE		factor and condition-estimate banded linear systems
lbaf	BALE		solve banded linear systems
lbaj #	BADC		factor banded matrix with partial pivoting
lbak	BANM		infinity norm of banded matrix
lbal #	BALU		factor banded matrix; called by BACE and BADC
lban	BABS		solve upper triangular linear system
lbap	BAML		multiply vector by banded matrix
lgea *	GESS		solve and condition-estimate general linear system
lgeb *	GECE		factor and condition-estimate general linear system
lgef	GELE		solve general dense linear system
lgeh	GENM		compute 1-norm of general dense matrix
lgej #	GELU		factor general dense matrix
lgel	GEBS		general matrix back-solve (after GELU)
lgem	GEML		multiply general dense matrix by vector
llza *	LZ		solve generalized eigenvalue problem
lnab	LSTSQ		linear least squares
lpsa	BPSS		solve banded symmetric pos. def. system, cond. est.
lpsb	BPCE		factor and cond.-est. banded symmetric psd matrix
lpsf	BPLE		solve banded symmetric pos. def. linear system
lpsg	BPDC		factor banded symmetric pos. def. linear system
lpsj #	BPLD		factor banded sym. pos. def. system with threshold
lpsk	BPFS		solve Lx = b, L from BPDC, BPLD, or BPCE
lpsm	BPML		multiply packed sym. pos. def. matrix by vector
lrpa	LINPR		dense linear programming
lrpb	LINPA		variant of LINPR with function input
lrpe	FEAS		find feasible point in dense linear system
lrpf	FEASA		variant of FEAS with function input
lrpg	LINPA		2nd example for LINPA
lsfa	L2SFF		compute B-spline expansion of a function
lyma	SYSS		solve general symmetric linear system, cond. est.
lymb *	SYCE		factor + cond. est. general symmetric matrix
lymk	SYNM		compute 1-norm of packed symmetric matrix
lymp	SYML		multiply packed symmetric matrix by a vector
mfte	MFTCC		FFT of multiple complex vectors
mftf	MFTRC		FFT of multiple real vectors
mftg	MFTCR		inverse of MFTRC
mllr	MULLR		find root of scalar function by Muller's method
mnna	FMIN		Brent's method for 1-dimensional minimization
nlsa	MNF, MNG, MNH	unconstrained minimization, several variables	
nlsb	MNFB, MNGB, MNHB minimization subject to simple-bound constraints
nlsj	N2F, N2G	nonlinear least squares	
nlsk	N2FB, N2GB	nonlinear least squares with simple bounds	
nlsp	N2PB		variant of N2GB with input in "pieces"
nlsr	NSG, NSF	separable nonlinear least squares
nmsk	NSGB, NSFB	separable nonlinear least squares with simple bounds	
np2a	SN2F		"simplified" driver for N2F
np2b	SN2FB		"simplified" driver for N2FB
np2e	SN2G		"simplified" driver for N2G
np2f	SN2GB		"simplified" driver for N2GB
nsfa	NSF1		separable nonlinear least squares, 1 nonlinear variable
nsnm	SMNSX		Nelder-Mead minimization (no derivatives used)
ntle	SMNFB		"simplified" driver for MNFB
ntlf	SMNG		"simplified" driver for MNG
ntlh	SMNGB		"simplified" driver for MNGB
ntlk	SMNH		"simplified" driver for MNH
ntlm	SMNHB		"simplified" driver for MNHB
ntlp	SNSF		"simplified" driver for NSF
ntlr	SNSG		"simplified" driver for NSG
ntlt	SNSFB		"simplified" driver for NSFB
ntlu	SNSGB		"simplified" driver for NSGB
pdea	POST		solve PDEs, possibly coupled to ODEs
pdew	POSTU		coordinate mapping for POST
prea *	SPFOR		minimum-degree ordering for a sparse matrix
prma *	SPMSF		symbolic factorization of sparse matrix
prs1	SPMML		multiply sparse matrix by a vector
prs3 #	SPMNF		numeric factorization of a sparse matrix
prsa *	SPMLE		solve sparse linear system of equations
prsf *	SPFLE		variant of SPMLE with subroutine input
prsj *	SPMCE		factor and condition-estimate sparse matrix
prsm #	SPFCE		variant of SPMCE with subroutine input
prsp #	SPMLU		factor spares matrix with singularity threshold
prst #	SPFLU		variant of SPFLU with subroutine input
prsy #	SPFNF		factor sparse matrix
prsz	SPFML		variant of SPFNF with subroutine input
qbla	RQUAD		adaptive quadrature, mix of abs. and rel. error
qblc	BQUAD		adaptive Romberg integration of piecewise-smooth funcs
qblg	QUAD		adaptive quadrature
qgsg	GQ1		compute abscissae, weights for Gauss-Legendre quad.
qgsh	GQEX		variant of GQ1 weighted by exp(-x)
qgsj	GQEX2		variant of GQ1 weighted by exp(-x**2)
qgsm	GQEXA		variant of GQ1 weighted by (x**alpha)*exp(-x)
qgsp	GQLOG		variant of GQ1 weighted by log(1/x)
qgsr	GQXA		abscissae, wts for Gauss-Jacobi quad., weight x**alpha
qgst	GQXAB		variant of GQXA, weight (1-x)**alpha * (1+x)**beta
qodd	DODEQ		integrate several functions over the same interval
qpra	IQP		local dense quadratic programming
ranc	RANBYT		uniform pseudo-random numbers in [0,1)
rnrm	RNORM		normal(0,1) psuedo-random numbers
rpad	DRPOLY		zeros of a polynomial with real coefficients
sdba	DL2SF		least-squares B-spline fit to discrete data
splf	SPLNI		integrate B-spline expansion of a function
vdsa	VDSS1		compute value and derivative of quadratic B-spline
vdsb	VDSS2		value, deriv. of variation-dimin. spline on 2-D data
vdse	VDSS3		value, deriv. of variation-dimin. spline on 3-D data
xkhd	DXKTH		return k-th smallest element of a double-prec vector
xkhi	IXKTH		return k-th smallest element of an integer vector
xkth	XKTH		return k-th smallest element of a real vector
zera	ZERO		root of scalar function in specified interval
zona	ZONE		solve system of nonlin. eqs (dense Jacobian by diffs)
zonb	ZONEJ		variant of ZONE with Jacobian supplied by subroutine
