This directory contains test programs for some of the top-level PORT3
subroutines.  The installation procedure runs a few of these tests
(thyp, mach, err1, err2, err3, stk1, stk2, and errk); the others are
listed in the table below.  In general, you can get output file xxxx.out
corresponding to test file xxxx.f by saying

	make xxxx.out

Directory sgi contains output obtained by running the tests on an SGI
computer (running IRIX 5.3, with compilation by f2c + cc); the absurdly
large output for plya is omitted).  Other systems will give slightly
different results on many of the tests, because, e.g., of differences
in computations of transcendental functions.

errk	STKDMP: dump of PORT stack
extr	EXTRMR: extrema of a function defined on a mesh
gama	GAMMA: gamma function
gmad	DGAMMA: gamma function (double precision)
lgac	CGECE, etc.: factor complex matrices
lgad	DGECE, etc.: factor double-precision matrices
lgea	GECE, etc.: factor single-precision matrices
llza	LZ: generalized eigenvalues
lrad	DLINPR, etc.: linear programming, double precision
lrpa	LINPR: linear programming, single precision
ltqd	DLTSQ and DLSTSQ: linear least squares (double precision)
ltsq	LTSQ and LSTSQ: linear least squares
lyad	DSYCE, etc.: factor, cond. est. for symmetric matrices (dbl prec)
lyma	SYCE, etc.: factor, cond. est. for symmetric matrices
lyrc	CHECE, etc.: symmetric condition estimation
lysc	CHECE, etc., 2nd test
mach	[IRD]1MACH (machine constants)
mntb	monotonicity routines
plya	trigonometric polynomial routines
plyc	orthogonal polynomial routines
prac	complex sparse matrix package
prad	double precision sparse matrix package
prsa	sparse matrix package
qbgd	DQUAD: double-precison quadrature routines
qblg	QUAD: quadrature routines
qggd	Gauss quadrature (double precision)
qgsg	Gauss quadrature
qpad	DIQP: quadratic programming (double precision)
qpra	IQP: quadratic programming
rnrm	RNORM: normal(0,1) pseudo-random numbers
sdba	DL2SF: least-squares B-spline fit to discrete data
sple	SPLNE: evaluate B-splines
svad	DSVD: singular value decomposition (double precision)
svbd	DSVD, 2nd test
svcd	DSVDLS: singular values and least-squares solution (dbl prec)
svda	SVD: singular value decomposition
svdb	SVD, 2nd test
svdc	SVDLS: singular values and least-squares solution
vdad	DVDSS1: value and derivative of quadratic B-spline
vdbd	DVDSS2: value, deriv. of variation-dimin. spline on 2-D data
vded	DVDSS3: value, deriv. of variation-dimin. spline on 3-D data
